hi everyone today have to see how
decorating a raw vase is not the
découpage is the cra were then
see how to get a vast ego like ad
example this has decorated with this
card that the thing in the gila alone
therefore the purely summer card is
all of the other provocations like a
finishing cord and roses ai
corners I also checked the bottom
of the tray because we say that
most subject to contact
with liquids or other substances therefore e
assets originating from with decoration for
avoid precisely that if the reveres
time a wheelchair is very simple and
also easy to make
therefore boasts to everyone as well for
ask for the weapons but as well also
of great effect and very particular
the ifab oxa you will find all useless links
also the necessary to realize this
creation
also as always if you have ideas
questions without minds the doubts problems
anything else left a comment below
this video
I hope I like this idea
creation may be useful to you
inspiration for your creations
so good vision
once he chose the referendum a
spread another color on it
acrylic in this case chooses as
it will be a garden acrylic that color
we always take with a
sponge brush
from one made for deco draw like a
pair of scissors a cutter we remove some
images and such as these
after which we dip them in a little water
we leave them want water for some
ok way at this point we spread a
dry and clean absorbent cloth
we remove excess water with another
cream star band chose and clean
now we can then proceed to
paste the images on the support but
first we decide how to put them on
support itself after that we go to
lay on the back of the card o
directly on the support a little paper
green able or with the rimini la
dissolved in water and then you go
to apply over our image the
our breakfast then apply them
we answer the glue on the image
so we expect it this way
once the whole is perfectly
dry then from the glue if
perfectly dried we go to
spread a couple of evils from a paint
liquid protective finish
after having hired perfectly
the various coats of final varnish that
we just applied let's go to
check this part to do this
I will be a resin and that is this resin
of the university
the residence and I must therefore I already have
prepared the mixture then following the
instructions given by this package is
also reported in the booklet
instruction, the ratio is 2 to 1 between
two components or tripled doses
because clearly the surface to be
coating is quite large and therefore
has tripled the doses
let's then go against the mixture one
once prepared on this part for the
tray
let's then want to dry for
at least 24 hours
great
so yours is so powerful
once the resin is perfectly
hardened here after about a day I have
then added other decorations such as
these finishing beads all around
a light let's say about this part of the
these tray if we want to find in
haberdashery has a thickness of 3 mm
also at the corners or added these
roses that he colored with a color
red acrylic and then dusted with a
acrylic color bronze at this time if
you want you can protect the whole
remaining part of the support with a
glossy spray paint such as
this is therefore the job is finished
I hope you enjoyed this work
from this new project browse either
then liked the next video bye
to all